
	
		
			
				Kim:
				I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe
					Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62. I am waiting to hear
					back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her.
					Do you want me to pay Pasadena on Friday for these months or do you
					want me to hold off until I finish July and August? 
				Again, I do not have all of the information for July and August, so I
					cannot give you any numbers. If I go by what is currently in the
					system as a guide, Pasadena would owe Enron a little over $1 mil. I
					need to forecast the money today, so please let me know what you would
					like to do.
				FYI-I will be out of the office all next week.
				Megan
			
			
				Subject: RE: City of Pasadena
				Thanks you so much for working on these as fast as you have - there
					was a priority in getting them out. However, as you know, the less
					cash outlay that we have right now the better. Lets wait and try to
					offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait
					until you get July and August done.
				What do you think the time frame is on this? 
				And when would be the earliest that we would make the payment?
				 Thanks, Kim
			
			
				Subject: RE: City of Pasadena
				Patti is the one with the details, I'm just the deal maker and don't
					have access to any of the systems. All I know is what fixed priced
					baseload deals we have. I have no idea what flows. I hope Patti can
					help you soon.
				Let me know if you don't hear from her today.
				
			
			
				Subject: RE: City of Pasadena
				If I can get all of the information today, I can tell you this
					afternoon. It doesn't take long to create the calc sheets. I
					understand from Janine that you or Patti can provide me with the
					detail that I need. If necessary, I can come pick it up. I have sent
					Patti a list.
				For payment, we have to forecast the money two days out. So, if I
					know today, I can pay on Friday.
				Megan
			
			
				Subject: RE: City of Pasadena
				thats fine - we can't pay them anyway
			
		
	
